Hey brother
How are you not fake?
you
You confused me, you know?
I just dug a big hole
Let's just jump in
This play has been sung for so long
It's time to end
Why are you so idle?
Young Master Xu was red
I seem to be having a good time lately
Mr. Li
You should cherish the leisure talents now
Because right now you may not even have a place to beg
Go
Ok, I'll hold.
It's my dad's birthday party
Remember to attend
I'll try it out.
Bring it for your Xu family.
Ok, I'll wait for you.
Hey, Mr. Huang is here, please take a seat, please take a seat
Hahahaha
I thank you all for joining me today
Xu Mouyuan's birthday party
My birthday is a small thing
I have a big announcement to make today.
That is, our Xu family wants to acquire
The entire industry of royalty and decorum
Boss Xu
You have such a big appetite
Don't be afraid to die
Hahaha
What if we disagree?